{
  "title": "Wednesday 29th July 2020",
  "date": "2020-07-29",
  "description": "Azure content from Build5Nines, Channel 9, Microsoft Azure Blog, Microsoft Data Migration, SQL Server Blog, The Azure Podcast",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Latest Cloud News: Azure IoT + Terraform, OpenVPN and more! (July 28, 2020 – Build5Nines Weekly)",
      "feedTitle": "Build5Nines",
      "url": "https://build5nines.com/latest-cloud-news-azure-iot-terraform-openvpn-and-more-july-28-2020-build5nines-weekly/",
      "description": "Build5Nines Weekly provides your go-to source to keep up-to-date on all the latest Microsoft Azure news and updates. Included within Build5Nines Weekly newsletter are blog articles, podcasts, videos, and more from Microsoft and the greater community ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Creating cloud ready environments with Azure landing zones",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/creating-cloud-ready-environments-with-azure-landing-zones/",
      "description": "Azure landing zones in the Microsoft Cloud Adoption Framework for Azure are designed to accelerate efforts to map, modernize, or even reimagine the operating model. Azure landing zones help build a cloud environment aligned to the optimal technology ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Eight ways to optimize costs on Azure SQL",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/eight-ways-to-optimize-costs-on-azure-sql/",
      "description": "Across the globe, businesses are emerging into a new normal, eager to restart or rebuild, but still operating in uncertain times. Optimizing costs and redirecting the spend to where it matters most is as important as ever, and many companies see the ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Monitoring Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes and servers",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/monitoring-azure-arc-enabled-kubernetes-and-servers/",
      "description": "Azure Arc is a preview service that enables users to create and attach Kubernetes clusters both inside and outside of Azure. Azure Arc also enables the user to manage Windows and Linux machines outside of Azure the same way native Azure Virtual Machi..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Three reasons to migrate your ASP.NET apps and SQL Server data to Azure",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/three-reasons-to-migrate-your-aspnet-apps-and-sql-server-data-to-azure/",
      "description": "The way we work and live has changed. Over the last several months, enterprises have had to shift their strategy from physical first to digital first and accelerate their digital transformation to enable remote productivity, reduce costs, or rapidly ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "New Azure Migration Resources",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-migration/new-azure-migration-resources/ba-p/1551039",
      "description": "We are excited to share several new Azure Migration-related assets to help you navigate cloud migration, learn about best practices, and understand tooling options available from Microsoft."
    },
    {
      "title": "Zero to Hero with App Service, Part 5: Add and Secure a Custom Domain on Your Azure App Service Web",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/apps-on-azure/zero-to-hero-with-app-service-part-5-add-and-secure-a-custom/ba-p/1548950",
      "description": "This article is the 5th part of the Zero to Hero with App Service series. This articl..."
    },
    {
      "title": "More ways to save when you migrate SQL Server data to Azure SQL",
      "feedTitle": "SQL Server Blog",
      "url": "https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2020/07/28/more-ways-to-save-when-you-migrate-sql-server-data-to-azure-sql/",
      "description": "A new normal is emerging globally as businesses restart or rebuild in the face of rapidly changing conditions. To keep up with the pace of change and address new opportunities that arise, businesses are looking to the cloud for ways to optimize th..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "Episode 340 - Messaging Services",
      "feedTitle": "The Azure Podcast",
      "url": "http://azpodcast.azurewebsites.net/post/Episode-340-Messaging-Services",
      "description": "Azure has a number of top-notch messaging services in Event Grid, Event Hubs, Service Bus, IoT Hub etc. It can be confusing at times as to which one is the right one for the job. Luckily for us we have the expert in the field, Principal Azure Arch..."
    }
  ],
  "videos": [
    {
      "title": "ARM Series #5: Variables  | The DevOps Lab",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/DevOps-Lab/ARM-Series-5-Variables",
      "description": "Variables are very useful in all king of scenarios to simplify things. Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates aren't an exception and the variable will offer great flexibility. In this chapter, we will explain how you can use variables inside your..."
    }
  ]
}