{
  "title": "Thursday 27th August 2020",
  "date": "2020-08-27",
  "description": "Azure content from Ctrl+Alt+Azure, Microsoft Azure Blog, Microsoft Data Migration",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Prepare and certify your devices for IoT Plug and Play",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/prepare-and-certify-your-devices-for-iot-plug-and-play/",
      "description": "Developing solutions with Azure IoT has never been faster, easier, or more secure. However, the tight coupling and integration between IoT device software and the software that matches it in the cloud can make it challenging to add different devices ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Gov Virtual Meetup: Strategies to stand up a modern gov software factory + cloud PMO",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/public-sector-blog/azure-gov-virtual-meetup-strategies-to-stand-up-a-modern-gov/ba-p/1614379",
      "description": ""
    },
    {
      "title": "Best practices for layering on cloud security through Azure Marketplace",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-marketplace/best-practices-for-layering-on-cloud-security-through-azure/ba-p/1528032",
      "description": "With so much focus on how the cloud is changing the way we build and deploy applications, cloud security can become an afterthought. Some organizations worry about slowing the momentum of cloud migration. Others find new cloud security processes d..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Check out the Azure Stack Hub Partner Solution Video Series",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/itops-talk-blog/check-out-the-azure-stack-hub-partner-solution-video-series/ba-p/1613262",
      "description": "Together with the Azure Stack Hub Team we are starting a journey to explore the ways our customers and partners use, deploy, manage, and build solutions on the Azure Stack Hub platform.  Together with the Tiberi Radu (Azure St..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Enterprise-Scale and Azure Policy for policy-driven governance",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-architecture-blog/enterprise-scale-and-azure-policy-for-policy-driven-governance/ba-p/1614060",
      "description": "After an introduction to Enterprise-Scale and further information about "
    },
    {
      "title": "New transactable offers from Zaloni, Seeq Corporation, and CloudEngage in Azure Marketplace",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-marketplace/new-transactable-offers-from-zaloni-seeq-corporation-and/ba-p/1528030",
      "description": "Microsoft partners like Zaloni, Seeq Corporation, and CloudEngage deliver transact-capable offers, which allow you to purchase directly from Azure Marketplace. Learn about these offers below:"
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "044 - Common approaches to building an API in Azure",
      "feedTitle": "Ctrl+Alt+Azure",
      "url": "https://share.transistor.fm/s/ff131965",
      "description": "Tobias and Jussi talks about common approaches to build custom APIs in Azure. Choosing a framework and runtime. Deploying. Securing the APIs. How do you monitor them? What about publishing them for public consumption? Join us for a casual chat about ..."
    }
  ],
  "videos": []
}