{
  "title": "Tuesday 10th November 2020",
  "date": "2020-11-10",
  "description": "Azure content from ASP.NET Monsters, Azure DevOps Podcast, Channel 9, Microsoft Azure Blog",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Running Stored Procedures Across Databases in Azure",
      "feedTitle": "ASP.NET Monsters",
      "url": "http://aspnetmonsters.com/2020/11/2020-11-09-cross-database-procs/",
      "description": ">In a previous article I talked about how to run queries across database instances on Azure using ElasticQuery. One o..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Advancing global network reliability through intelligent software—part 1 of 2",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/advancing-global-network-reliability-through-intelligent-software-part-1-of-2/",
      "description": "In our two-part series on advancing global network reliability through intelligent software, we explain how we’ve approached our network design, and how we’re constantly working to improve both reliability and performance."
    },
    {
      "title": "Meeting developer needs with powerful new features in Azure Cache for Redis",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/meeting-developer-needs-with-powerful-new-features-in-azure-cache-for-redis/",
      "description": "In May, we announced a groundbreaking partnership with Redis Labs to bring their Redis Enterprise software to Azure as a part of Azure Cache for Redis. We were humbled by the level of excitement and interest we received. We are announcing that you ca..."
    },
    {
      "title": "New enhanced DNS features in Azure Firewall—now generally available",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/new-enhanced-dns-features-in-azure-firewall-now-generally-available/",
      "description": "Custom DNS, DNS proxy, and FQDN filtering in network rules (for non-HTTP/S and non-MSSQL protocols) in Azure Firewall are now generally available. In this blog, we also share an example use-case on using DNS proxy with Private Link. Azure Firewall is..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Open Azure Day: A VIP Linux and OSS speaker line-up in one event",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/open-azure-day-a-vip-linux-and-oss-speaker-lineup-in-one-event/",
      "description": "The Linux and open-source landscapes are changing rapidly. With so many companies embracing remote work and operations this year, we’re seeing more organizations running large-scale, mission-critical Linux and open-source workloads than ever before. ..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "James Grenning on Test-Driven Development - Episode 114",
      "feedTitle": "Azure DevOps Podcast",
      "url": "http://azuredevopspodcast.clear-measure.com/james-grenning-on-test-driven-development-episode-114",
      "description": "James Grenning joins the podcast this episode to discuss test-driven development.James is one of the original authors of the Agile Manifesto. His specialties i..."
    }
  ],
  "videos": [
    {
      "title": "Azure Sphere Cellular Connectivity | Internet of Things Show",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Internet-of-Things-Show/Azure-Sphere-Cellular-Connectivity",
      "description": "Cellular connectivity for IoT devices and equipment can be transformative for customers, especially when connecting legacy investments. It's important to understand the options available and the security strategy that goes with them. Nicholas Chen..."
    },
    {
      "title": "What is Azure Arc Enabled SQL Managed Instance | Data Exposed | Data Exposed",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Data-Exposed/What-is-Azure-Arc-Enabled-SQL-Managed-Instance--Data-Exposed",
      "description": "In this episode of Data Exposed with Vin Yu, we'll introduce Azure Arc enabled SQL Managed Instance and provide an overview of its capabilities. We'll also share how you can get started with Azure Arc enabled SQL Managed Instance.Resources:..."
    }
  ]
}