{
  "title": "Wednesday 28th October 2020",
  "date": "2020-10-28",
  "description": "Azure content from Azure Cosmos DB Blog, Channel 9, Microsoft Azure Blog, Microsoft Azure for Industry Podcast, Microsoft Cloud Show, Thomas Maurer",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Leverage your MongoDB skills on Azure Cosmos DB",
      "feedTitle": "Azure Cosmos DB Blog",
      "url": "https://devblogs.microsoft.com/cosmosdb/leverage-your-mongodb-skills-on-azure-cosmos-db/",
      "description": "You understand the value of the flexibility and scalability of NoSQL databases. The document model, using a JSON style data format, supports dynamic schemas that are easy to read/write and fast for machines to parse. Though if you want to truly un..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Cost Management and Billing updates – October 2020",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azure-cost-management-billing-updates-october-2020/",
      "description": "Last month, we shared a lot of cost optimization tips and tricks. Continuing with that focus, October is all about helping you save money on Azure infrastructure as a service (IaaS), database, or storage offerings. You'll also read about creating sub..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Migrate your Hadoop data lakes with WANDisco LiveData Platform for Azure",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/migrate-your-hadoop-data-lakes-with-wandisco-livedata-platform-for-azure/",
      "description": "It’s no secret that organizations consider data as one of their most valuable assets and are investing to build their capability for data-driven decision making. While it is challenging to institute a flexible and cost-effective data estate on-premis..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Collect data from a Windows computer in a hybrid environment with Azure Monitor",
      "feedTitle": "Thomas Maurer",
      "url": "https://www.thomasmaurer.ch/2020/10/collect-data-from-a-windows-computer-in-a-hybrid-environment-with-azure-monitor/",
      "description": "I quickly want to share some of our new Azure tips videos. In this video, we are going to have a look at how to collect data from a Windows computer in a hybrid environment with Azure Monitor. Azure Monitor can collect data directly from your phys..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "Achieving Scale and Growth with Ecommerce in the COVID Era",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure for Industry Podcast",
      "url": "https://industryxp.simplecast.com/episodes/achieving-scale-and-growth-via-e-commerce-in-the-covid-era-A9_eCDd6",
      "description": "In our first panel episode, Microsoft partners discuss effective digital experiences that are driving ecommerce systems and the supply chain. We hear from our panel of thought leaders about how retailers are successfully acting with agility, espec..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Episode 382 | Microsoft Teams Integrates with Salesforce & Azure Leads in Confidential Computing",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Cloud Show",
      "url": "http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/microsoftcloudshowepisodes/~3/_Dw8uX2t9VM/",
      "description": "This week, AC & CJ discuss a partnership between Microsoft & Intel related to confidential computing, how Microsoft Teams has added integration with Salesforce, and other Microsoft cloudy news.News"
    }
  ],
  "videos": [
    {
      "title": "Creating Your First Azure SQL Database | Data Exposed",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Data-Exposed/Creating-Your-First-Azure-SQL-Database",
      "description": "You need to ensure that you are getting the maximum value and performance from your Azure SQL Database for minimum cost. Learn the differences between the Basic, Standard, and Premium tiers of Azure SQL Single Database. Provisioning is one compo..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Policy as Code with Terraform and Sentinel | The DevOps Lab",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/DevOps-Lab/Policy-as-Code-with-Terraform-and-Sentinel",
      "description": "EPISODE TITLE:  Policy as Code with Terraform and SentinelEPISODE GUEST: Kyle Ruddy (Technical Marketing @ HashiCorp)EPISODE DESCRIPTION: Infrastructure as code based ..."
    }
  ]
}