{
  "title": "Wednesday 2nd September 2020",
  "date": "2020-09-02",
  "description": "Azure content from Azure From The Trenches, Channel 9, Microsoft Azure Blog, Microsoft Data Migration, Thomas Maurer",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Bicep – an utterly uninspiring start",
      "feedTitle": "Azure From The Trenches",
      "url": "https://www.azurefromthetrenches.com/bicep-an-utterly-uninspiring-start/",
      "description": "I’m not sure when it went public but Microsoft now have an alpha of Bicep available on GitHub. Bicep is their attempt to deal with developer unfriendly horror and rats nest that is ARM templates. I took a look at it today and came away thorough..."
    },
    {
      "title": "5 ways to optimize your backup costs with Azure Backup",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/5-ways-to-optimize-your-backup-costs-with-azure-backup/",
      "description": "Achieving cost efficiency in your cloud usage is more critical today than ever before. \nAt Azure Backup, we are committed to helping you optimize your backup costs. Over the last few months, we have…"
    },
    {
      "title": "Accelerating AI for COVID-19 on Microsoft Azure Machine Learning using Clara Imaging from NVIDIA NGC",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-ai/accelerating-ai-for-covid-19-on-microsoft-azure-machine-learning/ba-p/1536595",
      "description": "This post was co-authored by Krishna Anumalasetty, Tom Drabas, Nalini Chandhi from Microsoft and Abhilash Somasamudramath, Manuel Reyes Gomez, Brad Genereaux, Akh..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Active Directory External Identities goes premium with advanced security for B2C",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-active-directory-identity/azure-active-directory-external-identities-goes-premium-with/ba-p/1604572",
      "description": "Howdy folks,Over the past six months, we have seen organizations adapt to "
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Data Sessions You Won't Want to Miss at SQLBits 2020",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sql-database/azure-data-sessions-you-won-t-want-to-miss-at-sqlbits-2020/ba-p/1620056",
      "description": "SQLBits 2020 is going digital this year - and, with less than a month away, the excitement for “the greatest data show” is only rising. It is the larges..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Marketplace new offers – Volume 85",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-marketplace/azure-marketplace-new-offers-volume-85/ba-p/1528033",
      "description": "We continue to expand the Azure Marketplace ecosystem. For this volume, 85 new offers successfully met the onboarding criteria and went live. See details of the new o..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Migrate Pricing",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/itops-talk-blog/azure-migrate-pricing/ba-p/1584568",
      "description": "Migrating workloads from on prem datacentres to Azure is something a lot of organisations are thinking about.  There are lots of drivers making customers think about this, whether it be physical capacity issues or software refresh timelines."
    },
    {
      "title": "Giving Specific Analysts Access to Specific Azure Sentinel Playbooks",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/core-infrastructure-and-security/giving-specific-analysts-access-to-specific-azure-sentinel/ba-p/1625283",
      "description": "Hi, all! Rod Trent here. I am a Cybersecurity CE/Consultant at Microsoft and working with Azure Sentinel. I also blog for our "
    },
    {
      "title": "How to migrate from Elasticsearch to Azure Data Explorer",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-data-explorer/how-to-migrate-from-elasticsearch-to-azure-data-explorer/ba-p/1621539",
      "description": "Introduction\r\n"
    },
    {
      "title": "Security Controls in Azure Security Center: Enable Endpoint Protection",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-security-center/security-controls-in-azure-security-center-enable-endpoint/ba-p/1624653",
      "description": "With this article, which is part of our recent Azure Security Center (ASC): Se..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Architecture Best Practices Virtual Event – October 20",
      "feedTitle": "Thomas Maurer",
      "url": "https://www.thomasmaurer.ch/2020/09/azure-architecture-best-practices-virtual-event-october-20/",
      "description": "As you might remember we did an Azure Architecture Best Practices Virtual Event back in August 2020. Since we got very high demand and great feedback, we decided to do a second event on October 20. So, I am happy to let you know about another free..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [],
  "videos": [
    {
      "title": "ARM Series #8: Linked and Nested Templates | The DevOps Lab",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/DevOps-Lab/ARM-Series-8-Linked-and-Nested-Templates",
      "description": "As ARM deployments become more complex, using linked and nested templates allow you to break these deployments down into smaller reusable components. In this session Neil will demonstrate how each of these works.Learn More:&nbs..."
    }
  ]
}