{
  "title": "Monday 27th July 2020",
  "date": "2020-07-27",
  "description": "Azure content from Build5Nines, Channel 9, Microsoft Data Migration, The Azure Podcast, Thomas Maurer",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Terraform: Create Azure IoT Hub and Device Provisioning Service (DPS)",
      "feedTitle": "Build5Nines",
      "url": "https://build5nines.com/terraform-create-azure-iot-hub-and-dps/",
      "description": "At the core of any Internet of Things (IoT) solution built with Microsoft Azure is the need to connect IoT devices to the cloud and send/retrieve event telemetry for those devices. When building an IoT solution using Azure IoT, the two primary servic..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Az Update: Azure Stack HCI updates, Azure Kubernetes Service updates and more",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/itops-talk-blog/az-update-azure-stack-hci-updates-azure-kubernetes-service/ba-p/1542016",
      "description": "What a busy week for Azure Services! Microsoft Inspire took place this week and new announcements were shared.  Announcements include: The next generation of Azure Stack HCI, Numerous Azure Kubernetes Service announcements, Azure IoT Con..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Sentinel: Ensuring Internet-blocked Azure VMs Can Still Connect",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/core-infrastructure-and-security/azure-sentinel-ensuring-internet-blocked-azure-vms-can-still/ba-p/1543772",
      "description": "Hi, all! Rod Trent here. I am a Cybersecurity CE/Consultant at Microsoft and work with Azure Sentinel literally every waking hour, so I see and hear a lot of unique and interesting things in relation to this fantastic product. I also blog for our ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Enrich Azure Sentinel security incidents with the RiskIQ Intelligence Connector",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sentinel/enrich-azure-sentinel-security-incidents-with-the-riskiq/ba-p/1534412",
      "description": "As discussed in my two previous posts, Azure Sentinel provides a variety of methods for importing threat intelligence directly into the ThreatIntelligenceIndicator Logs table where it can be used to power Analytics, Workbooks, Hunting, an..."
    },
    {
      "title": "RunAsRadio Managing Your Hybrid Cloud using Azure Arc with Thomas Maurer",
      "feedTitle": "Thomas Maurer",
      "url": "https://www.thomasmaurer.ch/2020/07/runasradio-managing-your-hybrid-cloud-using-azure-arc-with-thomas-maurer/",
      "description": "This week I was on Richard Campbell RunAsRadio podcast to talk about Hybrid Cloud management using Azure Arc. RunAs Radio is a weekly podcast for IT Professionals working with Microsoft products. Each 30-minute episode covers a specific topic in t..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "Episode 339 - Durable Functions",
      "feedTitle": "The Azure Podcast",
      "url": "http://azpodcast.azurewebsites.net/post/Episode-339-Durable-Functions",
      "description": "Chris Gillum, an Engineering Manager in the Azure Serverless team, talks to us about the value of Durable Functions in serverless computing. He explains the underlying architecture of the Azure Serverless Architecture and how and wh..."
    }
  ],
  "videos": [
    {
      "title": "Enabling secure remote work using Windows Virtual Desktop | Azure Friday",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Azure-Friday/Enabling-secure-remote-work-using-Windows-Virtual-Desktop",
      "description": "Windows Virtual Desktop (WVD) is a comprehensive desktop and app virtualization service running in Azure to enable secure remote work. Christiaan Brinkhoff joins Scott Hanselman to show how WVD is different from other desktop virtualizat..."
    }
  ]
}