{
  "title": "Monday 15th June 2020",
  "date": "2020-06-15",
  "description": "Azure content from Daily .NET Tips, Microsoft Data Migration, The Azure Podcast",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Enable or disable pop-up notifications in Azure Portal",
      "feedTitle": "Daily .NET Tips",
      "url": "https://dailydotnettips.com/enable-or-disable-pop-up-notifications-in-azure-portal/",
      "description": "If you are working with Azure, you are already familiar with Azure Portal. Azure portal is getting better day by day with a lot of enhancement. I have published several tips and tricks on Azure Portal for better portal experience and productivity...."
    },
    {
      "title": "How to check your Azure Subscription Support Plan?",
      "feedTitle": "Daily .NET Tips",
      "url": "https://dailydotnettips.com/how-to-check-your-azure-subscription-support-plan/",
      "description": "Having the right Support Plan for your Azure Subscription is critical depends on the types of services you are running. Azure provides several support options to meet your needs for business-critical workloads on Azure. Let’ have a quick loo..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Quickly Check Azure Resources Security Hygiene",
      "feedTitle": "Daily .NET Tips",
      "url": "https://dailydotnettips.com/quickly-check-azure-resources-security-hygiene/",
      "description": "Azure Security Center (ASE) provides end to end security management and threat protection for Azure resources. It helps in quickly check azure resources security hygiene. It is like your one-stop solution to finding out any issues very quickly. Az..."
    },
    {
      "title": "MAY THE \"TI\" BE WITH YOU... Connect ThreatConnect TIP with Azure Sentinel",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sentinel/may-the-quot-ti-quot-be-with-you-connect-threatconnect-tip-with/ba-p/1460379",
      "description": ""
    },
    {
      "title": "One Ops Question: Should I use Azure Resource Manager Templates or Terraform?",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/itops-talk-blog/one-ops-question-should-i-use-azure-resource-manager-templates/ba-p/1460278",
      "description": "We are back answering your question about operation in a cloud\\hybrid environment.  This week, Zachary Deptawa answers a question we've been getting a lot lately.\"Should I use Azure Resource Manager Templates or som..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "Episode 334 - Windows Containers in AKS",
      "feedTitle": "The Azure Podcast",
      "url": "http://azpodcast.azurewebsites.net/post/Episode-334-Windows-Containers-in-AKS",
      "description": "Mikkel Hegnhoj, a Principal PM in the AKS team, shares the details about running Windows Containers in AKS, which is now GA. He gives us guidance on how to design an AKS cluster than run Windows workloads and advice on how to go about migrating ou..."
    }
  ],
  "videos": []
}