{
  "title": "Wednesday 12th August 2020",
  "date": "2020-08-12",
  "description": "Azure content from Build5Nines, Channel 9, Microsoft Data Migration, Premier Developer, Thomas Maurer",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Latest Cloud News: Azure Dev Guide eBook, xCloud, Cloud Shell + VNet and more! (August 11, 2020 – Build5Nines Weekly)",
      "feedTitle": "Build5Nines",
      "url": "https://build5nines.com/latest-cloud-news-azure-dev-guide-ebook-xcloud-cloud-shell-vnet-august-11-2020-build5nines-weekly/",
      "description": "Build5Nines Weekly provides your go-to source to keep up-to-date on all the latest Microsoft Azure news and updates. Included within Build5Nines Weekly newsletter are blog articles, podcasts, videos, and more from Microsoft and the greater community ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Accelerate your Azure Sentinel Deployment with this Azure DevOps Boards Template",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sentinel/accelerate-your-azure-sentinel-deployment-with-this-azure-devops/ba-p/1449414",
      "description": "This installment is part of a broader series to keep you up to date with the latest enhancements to the Azure Sentinel Devops template.This blog is a collaboration between "
    },
    {
      "title": "Advanced Logger for UI Test Automation using Azure DevOps",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/testingspot-blog/advanced-logger-for-ui-test-automation-using-azure-devops/ba-p/1579436",
      "description": "by @Edwin Hernandez"
    },
    {
      "title": "How to use Terraform to Create Azure DevOps Projects",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/itops-talk-blog/how-to-use-terraform-to-create-azure-devops-projects/ba-p/1555471",
      "description": "With the recent release by HashiCorp and Microsoft of the Azure DevOps Provider 0.0.1 for Terraf..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Threat Protection for SQL IaaS VMs hosted on Azure Arc using Azure Security Center",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-security-center/threat-protection-for-sql-iaas-vms-hosted-on-azure-arc-using/ba-p/1577251",
      "description": "We are bringing this blog post to continue the learning about the protection that Azure Security Center offers for the SQL IaaS VMs. As you learnt "
    },
    {
      "title": "Taste of Premier: Azure Security Center",
      "feedTitle": "Premier Developer",
      "url": "https://devblogs.microsoft.com/premier-developer/taste-of-premier-azure-security-center/",
      "description": "Be sure and check out the latest episode of Taste of Premier with Kerinne Brown and Lex Thomas as they Discuss Azure Security Center. Security is foundational for Azure. Take advantage of multi-layered security provided across physical data center..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Connect Azure Cloud Shell to Virtual Network vNet",
      "feedTitle": "Thomas Maurer",
      "url": "https://www.thomasmaurer.ch/2020/08/connect-azure-cloud-shell-to-virtual-network-vnet/",
      "description": "As you know, Azure Cloud Shell is a great management tool to manage your Azure resources. Azure Cloud Shell is an interactive, authenticated, browser-accessible shell for managing Azure resources. It provides the flexibility of choosing the shell ..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [],
  "videos": [
    {
      "title": "Azure With Terraform: Provider 2.0 Update | The DevOps Lab",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/DevOps-Lab/Azure-With-Terraform-Provider-20-Update",
      "description": "Hashicorp's Terraform Provider for Azure has been released! Check out the new features and where Hashi has improved usability of Terraform. Learn More: "
    }
  ]
}