{
  "title": "Tuesday 1st September 2020",
  "date": "2020-09-01",
  "description": "Azure content from ASP.NET Monsters, Azure DevOps Podcast, Azure From The Trenches, Channel 9, Microsoft Azure Blog, Microsoft Data Migration",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Monsters Weekly 180 -  SQL Profiling with Azure Data Studio",
      "feedTitle": "ASP.NET Monsters",
      "url": "http://aspnetmonsters.com/2020/08/monsters-weekly%5Cep180/",
      "description": ">Azure Data Studio is a lightweight alternative to the often clunky SQL Server Management Studio. Azure Data Studio: "
    },
    {
      "title": "An Azure Reference Architecture",
      "feedTitle": "Azure From The Trenches",
      "url": "https://www.azurefromthetrenches.com/an-azure-reference-architecture/",
      "description": "There are an awful lot of services available on Azure but I’ve noticed a pattern emerging in a lot of my work around web apps. At their core they often have a similar architecture, deployment in Azure, and process for build and release. For con..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Advancing a culture of reliability at the pace of Azure",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/advancing-a-culture-of-reliability-at-the-pace-of-azure/",
      "description": "Learn how Azure engineering teams have evolved their culture, processes, and frameworks to balance the pace of innovation with assurance of performance and quality."
    },
    {
      "title": "Azure Cost Management + Billing updates – August 2020",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azure-cost-management-billing-updates-august-2020/",
      "description": "August brings you more. More control over your data. More details behind your reservation purchase recommendations. More cost savings by automating recommendation remediation. More reservation types to help you save money. And, of course, more videos..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Journey of an App: How to create an AKS cluster to deploy a Windows Container application",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/itops-talk-blog/journey-of-an-app-how-to-create-an-aks-cluster-to-deploy-a/ba-p/1620398",
      "description": "Welcome to the third and final video/blog post in this series where we are modernizing a web application from Windows Server 2012 R2 running on-premises to Azure Kubernetes Services using Windows Containers. In case you missed it, here are "
    },
    {
      "title": "Sharing Azure Sentinel Workbook Data with Someone Outside the SIEM",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Data Migration",
      "url": "https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/core-infrastructure-and-security/sharing-azure-sentinel-workbook-data-with-someone-outside-the/ba-p/1623146",
      "description": "Hi, all! Rod Trent here. I am a Cybersecurity CE/Consultant at Microsoft and working with Azure Sentinel. I also blog for our "
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "Derek Comartin on Migrating to .NET Core - Episode 104",
      "feedTitle": "Azure DevOps Podcast",
      "url": "http://azuredevopspodcast.clear-measure.com/derek-comartin-on-migrating-to-net-core-episode-104",
      "description": "This week on the podcast, Jeffrey Palermo is virtually sitting down with Derek Comartin to discuss migrating to .NET Core!Derek Comartin is a software develope..."
    }
  ],
  "videos": [
    {
      "title": "Establish cloud governance using Cloud Adoption Framework for Azure | Azure Friday",
      "feedTitle": "Channel 9",
      "url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Azure-Friday/Establish-cloud-governance-using-Cloud-Adoption-Framework-for-Azure",
      "description": "Brian Blanchard joins Scott Hanselman to discuss how you can unblock your cloud adoption efforts using the Cloud Adoption Framework governance methodology. This agile, iterative methodology enables governance matu..."
    }
  ]
}