{
  "title": "Thursday 18th February 2021",
  "date": "2021-02-18",
  "description": "Azure content from Ctrl+Alt+Azure, Microsoft Azure Blog, Robert Smit MVP Blog, Thomas Maurer",
  "draft": false,
  "blogs": [
    {
      "title": "Apache Spark Connector for SQL Server and Azure SQL now compatible with Spark 3.0",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/apache-spark-connector-for-sql-server-and-azure-sql-now-compatible-with-spark-30/",
      "description": "We are announcing that the preview release of the Apache Spark 3.0 compatible Apache Spark Connector for SQL Server and Azure SQL, available through Maven."
    },
    {
      "title": "Customers unify hybrid and multicloud IT operations with Azure Arc",
      "feedTitle": "Microsoft Azure Blog",
      "url": "https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/customers-unify-hybrid-and-multicloud-it-operations-with-azure-arc/",
      "description": "Businesses today are building and running applications across various ecosystems: on-premises, in multiple clouds, and on edge. To maintain agility and ensure compliance, it’s critical to an organization’s success to effectively manage servers, appli..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Distributed Application Runtime Dapr version 1.0 #Dapr #Azure #Kubernetes #DevOps #Developers #Microservices #AzOps",
      "feedTitle": "Robert Smit MVP Blog",
      "url": "https://robertsmit.wordpress.com/2021/02/17/distributed-application-runtime-dapr-version-1-0-dapr-azure-kubernetes-devops-developers-microservices-azops/",
      "description": "Dapr is an open source, portable, event-driven runtime that makes it easy for developers to build resilient, microservice stateless and stateful applications that run on the cloud and edge. Dapr embraces the diversity of all programming languages and..."
    },
    {
      "title": "Windows Virtual Desktop metadata now available in West Europe #WVD #Azop #Azure #VDI #CloudComputing #metadata",
      "feedTitle": "Robert Smit MVP Blog",
      "url": "https://robertsmit.wordpress.com/2021/02/17/windows-virtual-desktop-metadata-now-available-in-west-europe-wvd-azop-azure-vdi-cloudcomputing-metadata/",
      "description": "  When Creating a new windows virtual desktop I noticed that the meta locations are also available in europe. When creating a new WVD host pool you can select the Metadata location. this is a great option as many customers ask me why is this in ..."
    },
    {
      "title": "425 Show – Secure Hybrid Cloud with Azure Arc",
      "feedTitle": "Thomas Maurer",
      "url": "https://www.thomasmaurer.ch/2021/02/425-show-secure-hybrid-cloud-with-azure-arc/",
      "description": "Yesterday I had the chance to be on the 425 Show live stream on YouTube with Christos Matskas and John Patrick Dandison from the Microsoft Identity team. We spoke about how you can use Azure Arc to secure and manage your Hybrid cloud environment i..."
    }
  ],
  "podcasts": [
    {
      "title": "069 - Printing is still a thing - a look at Universal Print",
      "feedTitle": "Ctrl+Alt+Azure",
      "url": "https://share.transistor.fm/s/616a73a1",
      "description": "Let's talk about printing! On real paper! Universal Print is a solution from Microsoft - currently in public preview - that allows companies to manage printer queues and jobs from Azure. We'll take a look at how to set it up and how it works."
    }
  ],
  "videos": []
}